In today's video, we are going to compare two very popular and
latest health insurance plans. The
first plan is NB
's Aspire plan, which became very popular
due to its unique features. The second health
insurance plan is ICICI Lord's
Elevate plan, which was recently launched
and insurance companies are
also calling it a revolution plan. So, will the
USPs and unique features of NB Aspire plan be
able to compete with ICICI
Lord Elevate health insurance plan?
In today's video, we are going to compare the
coverage benefits and features of both these plans in
detail.
After that, we will know
which features in these plans, which facilities you will
get as part of the standard policy and
which advance options are given to you.
After that, we will also compare the waiting period, that is,
which treatment will be covered in these health insurance plans after how much time.
And at the end of the video, I am going to share my
opinion about these plans. How I feel about these
plans. What is
my opinion on these plans?
We will also discuss what shortcomings and special features are visible. At the
end of the video, the most important part is that
we will also check the affordability of both these plans, that
is, we will compare the premium of both the policies
and find out for
how much rupees we can get this policy.
So today's video is going to be very informative, so why the delay,
let's
quickly start the video. First of all,
friends, let's compare the eligibility of both these plans. The
first point we will discuss there is the entry age,
that is, what will be the entry ages in both the plans for adults and dependent children.
If I talk about the ICI Lombard Elevate plan, then the
entry age for adults is
from 18 years to 125 years, that is, there is
no capping on the maximum age.
This plan can be taken at higher ages as well.
And if I talk about dependent
children, then the age limit is 91 days. The minimum age
limit is 91 days and the maximum age limit is
30 years, which is  It's very good. If we talk about the
Neva Bupa Aspire plan, the
minimum entry age for adults is 18 years
and the maximum entry age is 65 years, which is
comparatively low. If we talk about dependent children, the
minimum and maximum entry
age is exactly the same, that is, 91 days to 30
years. A dependent child can be covered in a
family floater policy. The second point is
renewal. If
we take out a policy in this age group, can this
policy be renewed later?
We can renew it even after these age limits are crossed.
Of course, you can get a lifelong renewal done under both these plans,
but
you will have to buy this policy within the age limit
that we just mentioned. What are the plan type
options available? So, both
individual and family floater options are
available in both the plans. You get the facilities
of individual and family floater in both the plans.
Now we will talk about sum
insured that is how much coverage we can
opt in these plans i.e. how much
policy can we take if we talk about
nb aspire plan then sum insured from ₹ lakh to ₹ 1
crore from 3 lakh to ₹ 1 crore can be chosen
while buying this
plan and if we talk about IIC Lumbard
Elevate plan then the minimum sum insured
option is ₹ lakh and maximum you can opt till
₹ crore coverage can be taken up to ₹ crore
and there
is another special thing in ICC Lumbard Elevate plan, you can
also take the option of unlimited sum insured or infinite sum insured in which
you will not have to face any limit of sum insured during treatment whereas there is
no such option in nb aspire plan
if we talk about tenure that if we
want to take a policy of more than 1 year then can we
take it yes you have long term policy in both the plans
Options: You
can buy a 2-year or 3-year policy simultaneously. And
if you choose to buy a long-term policy,
you will also
get a discount for the same 2-year policy, and if you buy a 3-year policy,
you will also get a long-term
discount. Now comes the turn to
discuss the variants. Is there a
single standard plan or different
variants? If we talk about the ICICI
Lord Elevate plan, you already know that there is a
standard variant, but
two different packs are provided. One is the Essential pack,
which has four or five add-ons that are
compulsory for you. The base pack also has
a standard plan, which you can avail of any add-ons you wish.
However, policyholders who are
porting from another plan to Elevate will find it
compulsory to buy some add-ons;
they may face this compulsion.
Now let's talk about the variants of the NV Aspire plan. In this
plan, you have a total of
four variants: Gold,
Diamond, and Platinum.  Plus and Titanium
Plus: Now the differences between them are
according to their Booster Plus benefit and
Miracle Sum Insured will be different in them.
We will discuss in the coverage and benefits section
what is the biggest difference between these variants. Now friends, it is the turn to
compare the coverage and benefits of both the plans. The first
point is the room rent limit, that is, the amount for
which category of room can the policy holder claim during treatment.
First of all, the
room rent limit in ICICI Lord Elevate plan is single private
AC room but it can be modified with KI.
You can choose any room as well.
You will have to take add-on. To modify the room rent,
you can choose any room category.
You can take the option of twin sharing room.
And also you can choose
percentage based room rent limit, that is,
1% of your sum insured for room rent and
for ICU treatments, you will be
provided 2% of your  The sum insured
option is also available there, but
what is there in the standard policy? Single
private AC room. And if we talk about the nb
Aspire plan, then there are
no such limits here. You can choose any category of
room. The
second point during your treatment is day
treatments. These are those
treatments for which the policy
holder does not need to be admitted for 24 hours.
These treatments and procedures are completed in four to six hours
and after that the
patient is discharged. So,
both these
plans will cover such day treatments. In short, the next
important points are domiciliary
treatment and home treatment. Both these
coverages are related to getting treatment at home.
If we talk about domiciliary treatment, then if a
policy holder either
cannot go to the hospital because of such a condition or if
beds are not available in the hospitals for treatment, then
treatment can be taken at home as well
and this treatment will be called
domiciliary treatment.  There is a
slight difference, it is a bit
different in home treatment. You take treatment
at home. In a home care plan, you take treatment at your own will
because you want to get
treatment at home and for this, you will have to take
prior approval from the insurance company
and avail these facilities from a certified home care service
provider.
But is this facility
available in both the plans? There is no
coverage for home care treatment in the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan,
but
it is covered up to some insured in the Niva Bupa Aspire plan. Now let's talk about
pre and post hospitalization,
that is, how many days are covered for pre and
post hospitalization expenses.
What are these expenses? Whatever
treatment we take, the expenses incurred before admission are
called pre-
hospitalization expenses and the
expenses incurred after discharge which are related to the same treatment like
seeing a doctor,
taking medicines or getting tests done are
called post-hospitalization expenses.
This plan will cover both the expenses. If we
talk about ICICI Lombard Elevate
Health Insurance Plan, then here  But 90
days of pre-hospitalization expenses
and 180 days of post-hospitalization
expenses are covered and if you talk about
Neva Bupa Aspire plan, 60 days of pre-
hospitalization and 180 days of post-
hospitalization expenses will be covered. If we
talk about road ambulance, then
in both the plans the expenses of road ambulance will be covered as per actuals.
Now let us
discuss the coverage of consumable bills. Consumable
bills are those non-medical items which are a
part of every treatment but these items do
not come under the medical category, hence they are
excluded. In both these
plans, there is
no coverage of consumable bills under the standard policy.
In both the plans, you will have to take an add-on.
In the ISI Lombard Elevate plan, you
can take Claim Protector add-on, after that
these consumer bill items will be covered.
All the items in List One of Ener One will be covered, similarly in Neva
Bupa Aspire plan also
you will get an add-on.  You will have to take the add-on of Safeguard Plus,
where you get a total of three benefits.
One of those benefits
also covers all the four items in the list of consumer bills.
However, I will tell you about all the benefits of Safeguard Plus
in the add-on section.
Now, there is a very special section to
discuss, that is maternity
related coverage, that is, child birth or
vaccination, new born baby coverage,
surrogacy or legal adoption of a child. Will
you get such coverage in both these
plans? If we talk about ICICI
Lo Elevate plan, then here you can get maternity,
new born baby surrogacy and apart from this,
vaccination coverage.
Here, surrogacy and oocyte donor are
part of a standard policy,
you can get coverage up to ₹1 lakh, but you will have to take
child birth, new born baby cover and
vaccination cover as an add-on
in ICICI Lombard Elevate plan.
But if we talk about Niva Bupa
Aspire plan, then here Miracle  The benefit, which is a
very highlighted feature and has been
promoted a lot, is
its standard part, that is,
what is included in the Miracle Benefit, which are
expenses related to motherhood, whether it is child
birth, that is, delivery expenses,
apart from this, there is new born baby coverage,
legal adoption of a child, vaccination
expenses, all of them will be covered under the Miracle Benefit,
which ranges from ₹10 lakh to
₹2500000. In the
IIC Lombard Elevate Plan, here
you get a guaranteed cumulate bonus.
First of all, let us know how much the cumulate bonus is.
If I have a
policy of ₹10 lakh, it will become 12 next year and
14 the next year,
how much will it become? Double my sum
insured, that is, a policy of ₹10 lakh will become
₹1 lakh. What is guaranteed here?
If any claim comes during this period, then
my no claim bonus, which is cumulate bonus,  Whatever is there will
not decrease because this is a guaranteed no
claim bonus, it is a guaranteed cumulate bonus, on the contrary,
which feature is there in Niva B Aspire plan, it is a very unique feature,
its name is Boor Plus Booster Plus, you must have
seen it in Regio 2.0 also,
Boor Plus benefit is there in Aspire plan also, but here
it will work in a different way, the
most important benefit of Boor Plus benefit is the
same, that is, whatever is your
unutilized sum insured, it will be carried forward to the next year, if
any of your sum
insured amount is unused, it will be carried
forward to
the next year, sum insured is my policy of
₹ lakh, I have not made any claim, this
₹ 10 lakh and I do not make any claim next year also, it will be
added to the sum insured of the next year, in this way my sum
insured will keep increasing, booster plus
benefit will keep increasing, what is its maximum limit, its
maximum limit is up to 10
Times of sum insured but it will
depend on two factors first is your
entry age while buying this plan when you
take this policy what is your entry age at that time
what is your age a
maximum limit is set on it which is
visible to you on the screen right now and the
second factor is the variant you have chosen
for yourself i.e. which
variant you have chosen for yourself out of these four
a maximum limit of booster
plus benefit has been mentioned according to that as well which is
visible to you on the screen right now you
can estimate according to this how much your sum
insured booster plus benefit can increase
next benefit is reset or
restoration benefit in IIC Lombard
Elevate plan you get reset benefit
which is inflating 100% of sum
insured unlimited times this cannot be used on the first claim
similarly in Niva B Aspire plan also
you get the benefit of Reassure Power
once in lifetime if restored
Once the benefit is triggered,
you will continue to receive the unlimited time restoration benefit, which means
you get unlimited restoration benefit in both the plans. The
next feature is very important and this is the
most unique feature that makes the nb
Aspire plan special. This is the Lock the Clock and
Lock the Clock Plus feature. What are its
benefits?
Well, there is no such feature in the IIC Lord Elevate plan, but let us
first understand its benefits.
See, I took a plan when I was
32 years of age and I will not make any claim for the
next 10 years and my age will be
42 years in 10 years till then I will pay
the premium for that same 32 years
of age. I will keep paying the same amount for the same 32 years
until I make any claim. If
I make any claim in between, then
I will have to pay the premium as per that age group.
This is Lock the
Clock once it is deactivated.  So
after that you will not get it. There are two
important things in this which you should understand.
First of all, you will get it only in the top variant Titanium
Plus.
I am talking about Luck the Clock Plus.
You will get it only in the Titanium Plus variant.
What is the condition in this? If
you have taken a maternity claim and have
used the sum in stock of Miracle Benefit,
then this Luck the Clock feature will remain intact as it is.
Your premium will
not change due to this. It will remain as it is, that is, it will
not be considered a claim for Luck the Clock.
But keep in mind that these three
variants below, Gold Plus, Diamond Plus and
Platinum Plus, are not included in this. Both these
plans also have wellness benefit, that is,
if you keep your lifestyle healthy,
you can earn a discount of up to 30 percent off
your annual premium. For this, you will have to
maintain your daily step count. All these will be
tracked. If you
want to know the complete details of the wellness benefit, then you will
see all these things with examples and illustrations in the policy words. Now
turn  Is there any option for copayment
in both these plans? There is no
copayment option in the Niva B Aspire plan.
Whereas in the ICICI Lord Elevate
plan, you
get copayment as an optional feature.
Talking about deductible, it is the opposite. In the
ICICI Lord Elevate plan,
you do not get the option of deductible.
Whereas in the ICICI Lord Aspire plan, you
can opt for an annual aggregate deductible
from ₹2000000 to ₹1 lakh for a year. Now, is
preventive health checkup, which is the facility of
free health checkup in the entire policy,
available in both these
plans? No,
this facility is not available in the ICICI Lord Aspire plan. You will have to
take it as a bonus. Whereas in the Niva Bappa
Aspire plan, preventive health
checkup is a part of the standard policy and
you can get it done once a year at any time.
And the final point in coverage and
benefits is air ambulance. Is there
air ambulance coverage in these plans?
ICICI  You can choose this coverage in the Elevate plan,
but you will have to take
it as an add-on. Whereas,
in the Niva and Aspire plans, air ambulance coverage
is inbuilt in the standard policy. Now
comes the section to discuss the add-ons of both these plans,
which is very important.
You can modify both these plans as per your requirement.
You
can choose the add-ons of your choice. These
add-ons will be added to your policy. You have to just pay
extra premium for the
chosen add-ons. And you get the rest of the coverage in the standard policy.
So
first we will discuss the add-on features of the
Niva and Aspire plans. The first add-on
is Fast Forward. Fast Forward means that
a later event is being used first. A
later feature is being
used first. This is
applicable on long-term policies, that is, if I buy a
long-term policy for two or
three years. I take a two- or three-year policy
together and I have
also taken the Fast Forward add-on, then the benefits  The benefits
I was supposed to get in the second and third year,
whether it was sum insured or booster
plus benefit, I can use them in the first year as well,
but I will have to take an add-on.
Fast forward. The second add-on is
future ready. We are getting ready for a future event.
Suppose I have an
individual policy, I have completed my two-three year
waiting period.
Now I am getting married and my
spouse is getting
added to this policy, so her
waiting period will also be waived,
which I have completed because I have taken an
add-on. The next add-on
is borderless. Through borderless, you can
also include global coverage in this policy. The
next add-on is cash back wallet.
This is a digital wallet in which you
can collect your reward points. So
how will you get this? On the first renewal,
you will get reward points equal to 10% of your annual premium,
and on the subsequent
renewals, you will get
5% reward points of your
You can collect those reward points
in this cash back wallet and you
can use them for your OPD expenses
for your co-payment.
You can redeem these reward points as a monetary value for any policy-related expenses. The
next add-on is Well Consult
PD. Under this, you will be
able to avail tele-consultation and physical consultations.
After this, comes the very important add-on Safeguard
Plus. Basically, you will get three features under Safeguard Plus.
The first one is that
your consumer items will be covered of
list 1, 2, 3, 4 of next one. The second benefit is that
if any claim comes till ₹1 lakh,
this claim will not have any effect on the Plus benefit.
And the third and final benefit
is that your sum insured will increase according
to the CPI consumer price
index, that is, your sum insured will keep increasing automatically according to the inflation rate which is increasing
year after year.  The
premium i.e. the price will remain
unchanged. It will remain the same if you have taken
Safeguard Plus addon. The next addon is the
personal accidental cover in the Neva Aspire plan.
If you take this addon, then
any adult policy holder can claim five
times the sum insured and a maximum of ₹1
crore for accidental death within 12 months
of that event.
If someone dies accidentally within 12 months of that accident, then
you can take coverage under this plan up to five times the sum insured and a maximum of ₹1 crore.
You will have to choose the sum insured separately. There is
a sum benefit i.e. benefit
based addon. Apart from this,
you can choose the option of daily hospital cash. For the number of
days you remain admitted, you will get a daily
cash compensation on a daily basis. You will have to
choose the amount in it.
You can choose up to ₹10000 maximum ₹44000 per day as an addon.
And the last  Add-on is Annual
Aggregate Deductible. This is a threshold
limit which whatever amount you choose in the whole year, whether it be
₹2000000 and ₹1 lakh,
whatever option you choose in between, then you will have to
bear the claims up to that amount in the whole year, after that the
coverage in Aspire plan will be started. If
you have taken Annual Aggregate Deductible, then
you should know all these add-ons of Niva Bappa Aspire
plan. Now I will tell you in advance about
ICICI Lombard Elevate plan, the
list of which is very long because an
attempt has been made to make this plan more personalized, so let us
understand its add-ons once. The
first add-on is Ifna Care i.e. Unlimited
Claim. In the lifetime policy of ICICI Lombard Elevate,
you can convert any one
claim into Ifna Care i.e. Unlimited
Claim. Whatever is your
sum insured, that limit will be
removed from that claim and that claim will be covered up to Unlimited Sum in Short
Life.
You can use it once in a while and
you have to take this add on at the inception of the policy itself. The
next add on is Power Booster which is very
unique, you can also call it Infinite Cumulative Bonus.
What does Power Booster add on
say, it gives you the power to accrue your booster
benefit.
You will keep getting cumulative bonus equal to 100% of the sum insured of the policy every year till
unlimited times, that is, there is
no limit of three times, five times or 10 times.
You can do this as long as it keeps accumulating.
But you will have to take the addon Power Buster Jump
Start is a very important addon. Through this,
if you want to get treatment for any of the six listed medical conditions from the 31st day, that is, after
completing the initial waiting period of the first 30 days, then
you will have to take the Jump Start addon. Else, the
waiting period for PD will be 36
months, which you can convert and
reduce to 24 or 12 months,
but there is a lot of difference between 12 months and 31 days.
If you want coverage from 31 days,
then you will have to take the addon Jump Start. The
next addon is also very important, this is
room modification. If you feel that a single
private AC room is not enough and I do
not want any room rent limit, then
you can choose any room. If you
find even a single private AC room too much, then
you can take the room sharing option. And if
you do not want a fixed category of room rent, if
you want a fixed amount, then you can
also book rooms on percentage basis.  You can take rent limit, that is,
1 for your room rent and 2 for
your sum insured for ICU treatment.
You can choose the option of with room
rent modification. Next add-on is waiting
period reduction, you can take pre-assisting disease,
weather it be specific disease. Apart from this,
you can also take maternity benefits.
I had told you that apart from child birth,
vaccination and newborn baby coverage can also be taken as an
add-on. Next add-
on is claim protector. If you opt for
claim protector add-on, whatever non-medical
item is, consumable item is of one
list one, all of them will be covered and this can
amount up to 10 to 15 percent of any
treatment.
This amount can be 10 to 15 percent of the total treatment claim amount. So,
you can also consider this add-on.
Next add-on is  BE-FIT Rider,
or OPD Rider, allows you to avail physical
and tele-consultations from a panel of
doctors for any medical condition
you wish to consult. If you have taken this add-on,
it will also be covered in your policy. The
next add-on is Worldwide
Coverage. Through this, you can also include global coverage
within this plan. Apart from this,
you can also take an add-on for personal accidental coverage and a critical illness
add-on.
Many times, questions related to critical illness arise: Sir, is
critical illness not covered in the normal policy?
If a serious illness occurs, will
our policy not cover it,
that we have to take a rider or add-on for it?
See, both are different things.
Treatment of critical illness is also covered in your standard policy,
but these two benefits have different
uses. What difference will it make if you take it as an add-on
and your standard policy?
If a critical illness is
diagnosed, you will have to
file a claim every time.  You will get treatment, you will
get the money for the treatment, but apart from this, if you
want extra coverage and you have
taken the add-on of critical illness, then this is a
benefit-based add-on, that is, if the
listed critical illness is diagnosed, then
you get a lump sum benefit, that is, the
insurance company will give you money of Rs. 20 lakh, 25
lakh, whatever coverage you have given,
you
can get it treated wherever you want as per your wish, the
hassle of filing claims again and again is over and the
Aegistify chair, ventilator,
oxygen concentrator, these are some durable
equipment whose life is a little
longer and the patient can use them for a long time,
so to get that coverage also,
you will have to take the add-on in the ICC Lombard Elevate
plan. Apart from this, there are some lump sum
benefits like Kavale Sense benefit
or Compassionate Visit, these
can also be claimed once a year in the policy year,
but if you have chosen these add-ons then
So you have understood the add-ons of IC Lombard Elevate.
Now I am going to
discuss the highlights and some drawbacks of both these plans.
Listen carefully because till now
I have
read out the comparison as it is for transparency.
But now there are some points which I
feel are drawbacks in any plan
or I feel these are very good features,
I am going to highlight and tell you both.
First of all, let us
know the special things about NV Aspire plan, it has three-four
unique features. The first feature is
Lock the Clock or Lock the Clock Plus feature.
Through this, the inflation of the policy
can be controlled,
it can be stopped because as long as you
remain fit, you will not make a claim, your
premium will remain the same, even the premium of Age A will
not increase, it will remain the
same, which is a very unique feature. The
next feature is Reassure Forever. Reassure Forever
offers the benefit of unlimited restoration, but there is one more special thing.
In Rish Forever, it
needs to be triggered only once in your lifetime, whereas in the ICC
Lord Elevate plan,
you will not get the reset benefit on the first claim in the policy year.
This reset benefit will continue to be available for unlimited times till the subsequent claims are mounted.
But
in Rish Forever, it needs to be triggered only once in your lifetime.
After that, the
sum insured of the restoration benefit
equal to 100% of the sum insured will always be
available to you, which is quite unique. The
next benefit comes the Booster Plus benefit.
In this, you can collect the maximum booster plus benefit from three times to five times or
10 times depending on your policy variant and your
entry age,
which is an endangerment for your sum
insured acumen, for its safety, for
its comfort,
and the final benefit which was
promoted the most in the nv aspire plan was the miracle benefit.
For the miracle benefit, the company says
Celebrating Motherhood means there are a
lot of coverages related to maternity which you can see
on the screen right now. Your
child birth is also covered in this. New born baby
is covered. Vaccination is also covered. Along with this,
surrogacy is also covered. Legal adoption of
child. Many features and coverages have been given.
Miracle Plus is also definitely a good
feature. But let us
also understand the shortcomings in this plan.
I feel that there are some shortcomings in this plan. The
first shortcoming
I see in its best feature is
Miracle Benefit. A lot of coverages have been given in Miracle Benefit
now but
because its sum insured is now the basic sum
insured, that is,
you get sum insured for Miracle Benefit separately. So here the
sum insured
is not enough as per the coverages. The minimum sum insured according
to your sum insured is 000 per year. How can you
afford a child in 000 in a year?
Birth into it and how will you
collect new born baby coverage within it for Rs.
4000 then how much will it be in 3 years,
what is the maximum ₹1, ₹2500000 in ₹2500000
is ₹0000 in 2 years but
for that you will have to take a policy with a very high sum insured,
so I did
not find it feasible at all, for those who have lower sum insured option, the
miracle benefit which is sum insured
above the basic sum insured over and
above the basic sum insured does
not seem enough to me, if you had to give such comprehensive coverage then you should have given
a good amount, a
reasonable amount, at least for miracle sum
insured, the second drawback
which I feel is that if
any policy holder comes under this whose age is
4 plus, who is a policy holder who is
taking this policy whose age exceeds 45
years, then the benefits here are quite good  They get reduced.
Now suppose I take the example
of the Titanium Plus variant. This
is the top variant. I have taken the maximum sum insured,
but my Booster Plus benefit
cannot exceed three times, which is a huge
limitation. Now suppose I am
paying a good premium and have taken the top
variant. But
why would I still have a limitation? Because my
entry age when I took this policy is
very high. This policy
targets young policyholders. So,
if policyholders of higher age are
not getting benefits in the same proportion as their premium payment, they will
not get benefits in the same
proportion in which they are paying the premium of this policy.
However, it can be
very beneficial for young policyholders.
Now let us know the highlights and special things of the ICICI Lord Elevate plan.
First of all, the four
IFNA features are the Infighting
Reset Benefit, IFNA Claim, and Inflated
Sum Bonus. All four of these are very special and
they are quite comfortable.
However, two of these features
are part of the standard policy and two
features may have to be taken as add-ons, which means
you can take them if you wish,
but if the option is given then we will already
assume that these are very good facilities
provided in this plan. The second special thing is that the
plan is very flexible,
all the add-ons that can be there are offered to you,
which you can choose, the add-on you want,
the coverage you want, you can pick and choose
and pay the premium for the same add-on.
These add-ons have not been given to you forcibly
and the decision of taking the add-on or
not is left to you.
You choose and pay the premium for it,
which makes this plan very personalized,
as claimed by IIC Lord at the time of the plan's launch.
Another special thing is that the
waiting period can also be reduced in this plan,
including PD
specific diseases and maternity. If someone
wants early coverage, then they can do so for their pre-
accident diseases.  You can also reduce the waiting period;
this is also a very good feature.
Now, what are the drawbacks of the Elevate plan? The
first drawback is related to porting cases that
policyholders report from other plans to this plan.
There is a
compulsion to take specific add-ons, that is, there is a
compulsion to take some add-ons.
These are five to six add-ons that are mandatory. Apart from this,
if you take the Essential Pack, there are
five to six add-ons. Policyholders who are
porting under this plan will have to
face this limitation. Along with
this, the second drawback that I see is that it
makes your policy expensive. And this happens in almost every health insurance
policy if there is a PD.
Now, because this plan has
very flexible features related to pre-existing diseases, it is
possible that many policyholders who are
facing PD will take this plan, so
a significant loading will also be levied along with the PD, that
is, an extra premium will also be charged
if there is any pre-existing disease.  If you are a
police holder, then this can also make
your plan expensive. So, you have
learned the special features and some drawbacks of both these plans. Now let us
understand the waiting period of both these plans once.
After that, I will also tell you the pricing. The
initial waiting
period in both the plans is 30 days. No
claim will be entertained within the first 30 days except for accidental treatment. The
waiting period for specific diseases is 24 months in both the
plans. However, in the ICC Lombard
Elevate plan, it can be reduced
from 24 months to 12 months. Now, let us talk about the
waiting period for pre-exit and serious diseases. It is
36 months in the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan. And if we talk about the
Niva V Aspire plan, then the
base variant here is the Gold variant, there the
PD waiting period is 48 months and the
rest of the other plans are the top three plans.
Have a waiting period for pre-existing
diseases of 36 months only Now let us know the waiting period of the
most special benefit of the Neva Bapa Aspire plan, the
Miracle Benefit, that is,
how much waiting
period will have to be faced for the maternity related benefits, so in the base variant which
is Gold Plus variant,
the waiting period for using the Miracle Benefit
is 48 months and in Diamond Plus variant,
this waiting period is of 24 months
i.e. 24 months and the top two variants
Platinum Plus and Titanium Plus have a
waiting period of just nine months for
using the Miracle Benefit but for that
you will have to take these top two variants only Now comes
the final part of the video, we
will check the affordable pricing of both these plans, for this I have
taken a standard family size of two adults and two
children, the age of the adults is 38 years and 35
years, 38 and 35 years and the age of
dependent  The child in this family floater
policy is 12 years and 9 years. The age
I have taken is daily, that is, the
pricing is for one child. If your age is different, then
your pricing may be lower. The sum in
limit I have taken here is ₹1 lakh. So,
the annual premium that this family has to
pay for the ICI Lord Elevate plan. Here,
I have added two add-ons. The first add-on
is room modified. Instead of single private AC room,
I have chosen the option of any room. The
second add-on is the power
booster add-on, through which you can collect
booster benefit equal to your sum in limit unlimited times.
I have also added the power booster add-on. So, what is the annual premium
for ICI Lord Elevate?
With all these things, with ₹1 lakh coverage
for this family size, this coverage for this
family size amounts to ₹
1,265 only annually. And for the same family size, the same
coverage of ₹15 lakh daily.
They need
₹
317 and for the Titanium Plus variant, which is the
top variant, they have to pay ₹
9,365 annually. Now, both these pricings
may
include a discount of ₹5 online. If you
buy these policies offline, then this price may
slightly vary because
they may have got a discount of ₹5 online.
Now, regarding the pricing, I
feel that there are some features missing in the IC Load Elevate plan, which are
provided as add-ons. If we add them,
such as air ambulance or room
modification, we have done it. Apart from this, if we also add one or
two add-ons to compete with the NV
Aspire plan, then the price difference will
not be much. There may be a difference of ₹10 to ₹12 or ₹15.
If we equate these features in these plans and
balance them through add-ons, then
you have seen the one-on-one comparison of the IC Load
Elevate plan and the NV Aspire plan.
We've done an in-depth
comparison, detailing maximum coverage
and benefits. I
hope this video has created
some transparency for you about both plans.
If
you have any questions,
doubts, or queries about any point, do
n't delay.
You can ask in the comments section. I'll
definitely answer them, as always. If you feel
this video has
created clarity, value, and helped
you understand both plans, you can like the video to
show your love and support.
If
you're an agent friend, a brother or
sister, you can share this video with your clients.
If you want to share the comparison of these plans with them, if you have
n't subscribed to the channel yet, please do so. Do
n't miss the information and value of the videos that come here. To ensure you
receive timely notifications, you'll need to
subscribe to the channel.
Notifications have to be set to all. I,
Arvind Singh, now take your permission. I will get your permission
in the next video. Till then,
take care of yourself, stay happy and
healthy. Jai Hind.